welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to catch up
with our friends from korea with the
recent continuation of the trained busan
mythology peninsula if you like crying
while watching zombies eat people
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we open in a manner not unlike an
episode of the walking dead
panning across corpses strewn about a
zombie wasteland with a group of hopeful
survivors we don't know
heading to an unknown destination this
is we see
a framework set up to reveal to us the
harsh reality of this strange new world
that they've been forced to so quickly
settle into
thankfully the news is still running
informing us the safe nurturing bosom of
busan was only maintained for about a
day
before everyone was forced to evacuate
which is why our survivors are boarding
a ship to japan
unfortunately they learn mid-route that
they've been redirected to hong kong
jung-suk looks for a commanding officer
for answers and shortly after
we see that things are about to go tits
up below deck as a capoeira zombie
reaches his final form and finds himself
feeling a bit peckish news of the
infected quickly spreads and the
passengers clear out jungzhak heads down
to see about his family and finds a
veritable orgy of twitching and writhing
future zombies
including unfortunately his nephew
unable to pull his sister out of there
quickly enough he's forced to lock down
saddened by this turn of events he and
his bro in law schulman
hug it out [ __ ] then through
additional news anchor twattery we
learned these ships were refused harbor
everywhere they tried to dock
and ended up roaming the open ocean for
four years and then
in some manner that remains unexplained
they docked
or some of the occupants managed to
escape somehow
at any rate a roving gang of street
tufts wake up jung-suk who doesn't take
kindly to folks interfering with his
dreams
it's time for a chit-chat with the boss
so they lead him along
when he arrives shulman is already there
along with a couple other nerdwells
we learn here that scavengers and
criminals have been visiting the korean
peninsula in an attempt to access all
that unguarded money in gold
they had a team with a truck full of
riches headed to the port but it went
missing somewhere around the omok bridge
their task if they choose to accept it
is to drop in there and bring it back so
they can split their half of the 20
million dollar bounty
a perfectly simple plan which is exactly
why the first team is back home and safe
right now
we learned that their motivation to do
this revolves around both the torment of
their prior decisions and their current
second class ghostly status those who
made it ashore have no citizenship and
are considered cast offs
unable to become legitimate members of
society thinking the money will assist
in finding a more permanent existence
shulman is determined to take the job
dragging jung-suk into it for the sake
of ensuring his protection thanks to the
boss's connections and bribery skills
they soon find themselves gliding into
dangerous waters
after a brief ice-breaking exercise
while gearing up we see the team of four
paddling through the detritus toward the
city when they make landfall they waste
no time in finding a functional vehicle
and are soon cruising through the ruins
of the city
careful to navigate in total darkness a
weakness of the zombies
as they approach the approximate area
they get out to check the license plate
of any truck they run across
the first one isn't it and in checking
on a slight noise nearby
jung-suk stumbles across a zombie
terrarium that hasn't really been cared
for in the way that it should they
continue like this spotting trucks and
checking tags while remaining quiet
and dark and they soon find the truck
they were looking for they take a moment
to verify the cargo is still intact
before heading to the cab
here they do a very sloppy job of
removing the driver
basically presenting him with a
veritable smorgasbord and then leaning
on the horn
alerting everyone in the area as a
roving band of zombies closes in on them
jung-suk lays down some cover for his
crew taking out a handful of zombies and
also using light and sound distractions
to pull large numbers off of them
after a couple of close calls they make
it out and celebrate by spending their
new found wealth in their minds
as surely nothing could go wrong at this
point but then it wrote commando prairie
dogs nearby and starts firing off
players in their general direction the
life from which attracts
any nearby zombies this causes the crew
to attempt to rush through the crowd
resulting in a wreck that throws
jung-suk safely clear the scene
an advantage of course of not wearing a
safety belt he arms himself as shulmin
scrambles to the safety of the truck
after a brief struggle he's saved from
being overtaken by a couple of child
drifters
who drive their sports youth through the
back alleys and side roads like a
well-loved mario kart track
juni eventually comes to rest in a
tunnel where the way is blocked by a
dense crowd of zombies
allowing yuzhin to demonstrate her
expertise she activates her bedazzled rc
stunner to distract them and then the
herd out a bit allowing them to continue
on their way
back in the truck we see a larger scale
version of this tactic being used to
clear out the horde a renegade platoon
then rolls up and sergeant huang takes a
moment to demonstrate for us
and his men what they think of the newly
infected and then they head back to
their base with the truck
the girls soon get back to their base
and we find them under the care of a
lovable old coot who thinks he's still
in the ward has delusions of rescue
their mother min jung
also lives there and we see via
flashback that she was the woman
jung-suk left on the side of the road
they pressed him to admit whether he's a
member of unit 631 but are surprised to
hear him claim to be from hong kong
meanwhile the platoon returns to base
where we find a structured and organized
apocalyptic society of sorts
that is i'm sure not under the control
of military authoritarians as sergeant
huang badgers an administrator about
getting his men some tuna rations
shulman makes a noise that leads to his
discovery in the back
he's then immediately taken to the arena
but for some reason he doesn't seem to
be drawing any positive energy from the
group's jovial nature the ration master
reports the commander so to let him know
about the bounty brought in by huang
a truck full of useless money this peak
sews interest however because someone
attempting to retrieve it
implies some manner of egress from the
peninsula which he's been dreaming of
for some time
meanwhile in the arena shulman realizes
he lost his satellite phone on the truck
and so is unable to buy his freedom
instead they strip him down and
compliment his lithe and supple body
before giving him an official number and
dumping him into a storage container
already filled with topless men
as they prepare for the game so gets his
first contact with the outside world
finding that it's still run by the
transfer of capital they offer him the
same terms as the other group and really
he's just happy for the opportunity to
leave
at the arena the men are then ushered
onto the wet field of battle
and we witness the nature of sport this
new world as a grumble of zombies
emerged from the adjacent locker room
many of the men just resigned themselves
to being eaten but those who make it to
the end of the timer receive the
privilege of being
allowed to retreat to their container to
take a breather and enjoy some uncooked
ramen
elsewhere jean sac is making plans to go
to the unit 631 base to retrieve his
goods
although it's recommended that they move
out after nightfall for safety
the plan is to secure their ticket out
and then head to the port so they can
escape together
grandpa under the delusion that he's in
contact with friendly forces
is tricked into leaving his post under
the insinuation that his liaison major
jane will be at the port and wants him
to go along
then they hunker down to get some rest
back at 631 the conspirators work to
develop a plan that may allow them to
get out of the base with the truck while
avoiding the suspicion of huang
they work on this into the night so that
when we transition back over to our
protagonists we find them making their
final preparations
desiring to die with a clear conscience
jung-sung comes clear to minjung
admitting that he was the one who left
her on the side of the road that one
time she then confides that she didn't
remember him because 31
other vehicles in total drove by without
helping them she has concluded from this
that human nature is
generally shitty and has learned to get
over it they park a few blocks away from
the facility and provide strict
instructions to the kids to stay in the
car
and leave without them if they're not
backed by first light then they begin
their infiltration sneaking in through
an emergency exit min june learned about
when she used to live on base
and then they worked their way in
meanwhile so announces in celebration of
the food truck huang's group brought
back
everyone gets extra rations and they'll
have a 24-hour marathon of violence at
the arena
so everyone should stay there and not
worry about checking on him later
thinking he's covered his escape
sufficiently so returns to his office
where he's surprised to find huang
already present he's too daft for all
that wants to know why so
normally a high-strung tight wad is
suddenly so
quick to shower them in freebies he does
enjoy his johnny walker black like he's
getting a blowy but is undeterred and
pressing so about his generosity when
kim then arrives the whole thing
nearly goes sideways until huang draws
the conclusion that the two men
are an item and decides to leave them to
their corporeal pleasures
back at the truck the two interested
parties converge at the same time and
find they have congruent interests
in the process of sorting this out they
learn that shulmin is still alive and
involved in the games
so min joon gives jung sak a bit of time
to attempt to retrieve him
so arrives shortly after the end result
is gunfire that attracts the attention
of a zombie horde outside and
nearly distracts the men from their
games but then june tsak shows up right
in the middle of it all and he manages
to slip out with shulman under the cover
of smoke grenades and the flare-induced
distraction
but the combination of gunfire and
zombie threat results in them finding
themselves pinned down in the hallway
after helping to neutralize some chaps
schulman takes a shot to the back this
unfortunate turn of events
fortunately turns jung-suk into the
winter soldier as he cuts through his
enemies with ease
until finally being saved from another
potential cheap back shot by min jung
busting in with the truck
they then gassed out of there as huang
and his men are forced to deal with the
zombie horde
and so just patiently waits in a nearby
vehicle the van
almost immediately gets jammed up when a
pile of bodies crams the axle thankfully
the girls anticipated the trouble and
arrive to help with the distraction
after they drive around a corner and
redirect the horde with a roman candle
the family takes a momentarily peaceful
cruise before the soldiers catch up with
them
we then get to enjoy a drawn-out chase
sequence in which the vehicles exhibit
matchbox physics
juni basically establishes herself as
baby driver
the e-brake is the initiator of every
car stunt imaginable
and any vehicle can basically do
anything you'd like as long as you get
them going fast enough
it's also fun to imagine the actors
twerking like crazy on these steering
wheels while sitting in their little
green boxes
after managing most of the crew jongson
has an idea to finish them off
as he instructs min jung to drive by the
terrarium from earlier and puts a line
of bullets through the glass
this leaves sergeant huang in an
unenviable position from which his
driver is
unable to back the [ __ ] up as they coast
to the finish line
danger behind them so demonstrates how
sometimes the danger comes from the side
they have a standoff during which he
explains his plan to make it back to the
mainland then just imagine that none of
this ever happened so right now
anything goes yushin then attempts to
create a distraction to save her sister
which works but then results in grandpa
and minjung both taking rounds
so then makes it to the finish line in
the truck but soon learns the merry band
of thieves had no intention of ever
sharing their bounty
as he prepares to die and the sun begins
to rise he manages to gas it backward
out of the hatch which allows the zombie
horde to freely enter the ship and treat
it like a giant can of tuna
as the others bid farewell to crazy
grandpa a helicopter arrives they get
its attention with fireworks then run to
the landing site since she took a round
to the leg min june can't do much
other than fire directly at their backs
and then hop into a truck to attract the
attention of the zombies even though we
previously saw grandpa talking to no one
on the radio we discovered this
helicopter to belong to the benevolent
forces of the un
and is under the command of major jane
grandpa's imaginary pen pal
juni thanks her by stealing her gun and
attempts to force her to risk everyone
else's lives by going back to save her
mother who the girls seem to sense is on
the verge of emptying her own brain pan
but then she made a very sensible
decision
a simple remark tickles the ball sack of
jung sock's memory motivating him to put
in the necessary effort to get the job
done this time
he goes out to meet her and shoots at
her face to scare her into running
faster then they have a slow motion
reunion in the midst of a fast zombie
attack
and eventually make it back to the
safety of the helicopter the cost of
only about
five or so un soldiers then they all fly
off into the sun
i have a website set up where you can
support channel through donations or
merch and i'd like to take a moment to
give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
[Music]
peninsula was good but for me it didn't
have the same emotional impact as its
predecessor trained to busan
it does appear that there was also a tv
series based in this zombie apocalypse
universe so maybe some of the backstory
is lost in the film
overall it was a bit too much of an
action movie and it had so many subplots
it was hard to allow the characters to
have their individual moments of
development to build up to the same kind
of ending they achieved and trained to
busan
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching